# slackinder
A slack bot to interact with tinder
# requirements
*slackclient*

https://github.com/slackhq/python-slackclient

pip install slackclient

*pynder*

https://github.com/charliewolf/pynder

pip install pynder

# installation
Edit the ./plugins/tindbot.py file and add the appropriate values for the tinder account you want to use

FBTOKEN = INSERT TOKEN HERE 

FBID = INSERT ID HERE 

These instructions are good for locating and grabbing the tokens you need from facebook for your tinder account: 

https://gist.github.com/rtt/10403467

# usage
Type the following commands to interact with your bot

**tindmatch**
Causes the bot to retrieve a current match - displaying photo and age of the match

**swiperight**
'like' the current match

**swipeleft**
'dislike' the current match

**tindscore**
Get a listing of the matches that have liked you back

This gives you a number and a name.

Use the number to reference other actions in the bot

**tindmsg [match number] [message]**

Message a match. This requires the number of the match (generated by tindscore) and a message

*tindmsg 0 hi person*

**tindreceive [match number]**

Retrieve the messages send and receivied to a match

*tindreceive 0* 

#Warnings
No warranty or blame is offered with this software. 

If you get banned from tinder - don't blame me.

If you get fired from your workplace for using this program - don't blame me.

By running this code you accept all liability and blame for its use.

Remember others can use your account if you put the bot in a public channel.

Also do not forget - you are interacting with real people on the other end of the connection - so don't be a jerk!
